update (#101)
insightsengineering/autoslider.core: vignettes/use_LLM.Rmd

## Overview

> This guide explains how to use the `get_ai_notes()` function to automatically add analytical annotations and summaries to your  slides using AI tool.

Author: ```suggestion
This guide explains how to use the `get_ai_notes()` function to automatically add analytical annotations and summaries to your slides using AI tool.
```

### Step 2: Adding AI Footnotes

> Next, pass the outputs object to the `get_ai_notes()` function. This function iterates through your outputs, and for each one that has a corresponding prompt, it communicates with the specified LLM model to generate response in the form of a footnote.

Author: ```suggestion
Next, pass the outputs object to the `get_ai_notes()` function. This function iterates through your outputs, and for each one that has a corresponding prompt, it communicates with the specified LLM model to generate response in the form of a speaker note.
```
